


	
		
		Tigase XMPP (Jabber) server ver 7.1.3
	
	
		About

		Copyright  2004-2016 Tigase.org. http://www.tigase.org/

		The Tigase Jabber/XMPP Server is Open Source and Free (AGPLv3) Java based server.

		The server offers complete implementation of the XMPP protocol with a long list
		of extensions. Effcient, reliable and very extensible can be easily integrated
		it with your systems.

		The unique features of the Tigase server are

		
			High performance and scalability. Was tested with up to 500 000 concurrent
			 users connected to a single machine and in cluster with over 1mln online users.
			High reliability. Tries to run as long as possible and tried to automaticaly
			 recover from detected problems.
			Built-in many self monitoring functions. You can check your systems statistics
			 via XMPP, JMX, HTTP, SNMP or you can automatically receive notifications about
			 possible problems.
			Scripting support - scripts can be loaded/reloaded at run time.
			 Many scripting languages are supported
			Virtual hosts support. You can have virtually unlimited virtual hosts which
			 can be added/removed at runtime. You can temporarily block vhost or limit
			 number of users per vhost.
			There is much more... check the official change log and the project website.
		

		Contributions to Tigase have been made by the following people:
		
			Tigase Team
			Eric Dziwea
			Artur Hefczyc (kobit)
			Wojciech Kapcia (wojtek)
			Bartosz Małkowski (bmalkow)
			Daniel Wisnewski
			Andrzej Wojcik
			 
			Other Contributors
			Mateusz Fiołka
			Tomasz Sterna (smoku)
			Daniele Ricci
			... and many others.
		

		Installtion, configuration and compilation

		The most recent documentation on all these topics is always available in the
		project documentation website: www.tigase.org. Please
		refer to the website for all the details and always up to date guides.

		You would probably want to start with Quick Start:
		Tigase Quick Start documentation.

		It is recommended that if you run into any issues, visit Tigase Projects website to visit forums
		and view trouble tickets that may already have an answer to your question.  Different components may be in different sections of the projects website.
		Please ask general questions in the forum section of each project.
	  For example, the Tigase XMPP Server forums are located here.

		The website also contains lots of other useful information like load tests
		results, user discussions and online support and help always available to
		you.

		This is 7.1.3 release of the server. Please include the exact version
		number in all correspondence regarding the server.


				
 

