This is linux-ftpd-0.17 for Linux, a port of the OpenBSD ftp daemon.

This package updates linux-ftpd-0.16.

If you're reading this off a CD, go right away and check the net
archives for later versions and security fixes. As of this writing the
home site for NetKit is
	ftp://ftp.uk.linux.org/pub/linux/Networking/netkit

Contents:
	ftpd		Daemon for the ftp protocol.

Requires:
	Working compiler, libc, and kernel.
	Supports shadow passwords. Does not (yet) support PAM.

Security:
	This version contains vital fixes for a remotely exploitable
	hole relating to printf format string processing. 
	linux-ftpd-0.16 and earlier should not be used.

Restrictions:
	This version does not put ftp users in utmp; the utmp code is
	#if'd out. This means the -U option does not work.

	Keep in mind that the man page has not been completely edited
	for Linux and may refer to a few BSDisms.

Port information:	
	The source was retrieved from ftp.openbsd.org on 
		Thu Jul 15 19:38:16 EDT 1999

	including the files
		extern.h	ftpcmd.y	ftpd.8		ftpd.c
		logutmp.c	logwtmp.c	pathnames.h	popen.c

	These came from src/libexec/ftpd.

	The support files came from various sources, including
	OpenBSD's libc, NetKit 0.09, and sendmail 8.7.4. (8.7.4
	because it was handy, not for any particular reason.) Others
	were written for this port.

Installation:
	Do "./configure --help" and decide what options you want. The
	defaults should be suitable for most Linux systems. Then run
	the configure script.

	Do "make" to compile.
	Then (as root) do "make install".

	Save a backup copy of any mission-critical program in case the
	new one doesn't work, and so forth. We warned you.

	If you get gcc warnings from files in /usr/include, they are
	due to problems in your libc, not netkit. (You may only see
	them when compiling netkit because netkit turns on a lot of
	compiler warnings.)

DEC CC:
	The DEC compiler for the Alpha is now freely available. This
	is a much better compiler with gcc, that is, it generates much
	better code. If you have the DEC compiler, you can explicitly
	use the DEC compiler instead of gcc by configuring like this:

		./configure --with-c-compiler=ccc

	It is known to generate spurious warnings on some files. Also,
	some headers from some versions of glibc confuse it; that may
	prevent	netkit from working. Other problems should be reported
	as bugs.

Bugs:
	Send bug reports and whatnot to the netkit bug address, not to
	OpenBSD, as the OpenBSD organization doesn't have anything
	official to do with this port. Things will be forwarded if
	necessary.

	Please make sure the header files in /usr/include match the
	libc version installed in /lib and /usr/lib. If you have weird
	problems this is the most likely culprit.

	Also, before reporting a bug, be sure you're working with the
	latest version.

	If something doesn't compile for you, fix it and send diffs.
	If you can't, send the compiler's error output.

	If it compiles but doesn't work, send as complete a bug report as 
	you can. Patches and fixes are welcome, as long as you describe 
	adequately what they're supposed to fix. Please, one patch per
	distinct fix. Please do NOT send the whole archive back or
	reindent the source.

	Be sure to send all correspondence in e-mail to the netkit address.
	Postings to netnews or mailing lists will not be seen due to the 
	enormous volume. Also, anything that doesn't get filed in the bug
	database is quite likely to end up forgotten.

	Please don't report known bugs (see the BUGS file(s)) unless you
	are including fixes. :-)

	Mail should be sent to: netbug@ftp.uk.linux.org


Early in April 2000, a hacker broke into the machine that was hosting
the netkit bug database for me and trashed it. Unfortunately, it seems
backups hadn't gotten done for a while, so three months of mail (since
mid-January) was lost. So, if you sent something and didn't hear back,
or you sent something, heard back, but the changes failed to appear in
this release (unlikely but possible) - please resend.

Please see http://www.hcs.harvard.edu/~dholland/computers/netkit.html
if you are curious why it was so long between the 0.10 and 0.16 releases.

Future plans for netkit maintenance are still up in the air, but in the
meantime new releases will still appear from time to time. I don't have
a whole lot of cycles to spare to work on netkit, so things are likely
to continue to be fairly slow.

David A. Holland
23 July 2000
